---
title: 新概念英语二
date: 2022-11-01T08:00:00+08:00
draft: false
tags: [english]
categories: [english]
---

## lesson 1, 2022.11.1

Last Week I Went to the theatre, I had a very good seat, the play was very interesting.I did not enjoy it. The young
man and young woman was sitting behind me.They were talking loudly. I got very angry. I could not hear actors. I turned
round. I looked at the young man and young woman angrily. They did not pay any attention.
In the end. I could not bear it. I turned round again. "I can't hear a word" I said angrily. "it's none of your
business." the young man said rudely. "This is a private conversation".

## lesson 2, 2022.11.5

It was Sunday, I never get up early on the Sundays. I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last Sunday. I got up very late. I looked out of the window, It was dark outside.
"What a day", I thought. "It's raining again." Just then, the telephone rang. It was my Aunt Lucy.
"I've just arrived by train", she said. "I'm coming to see you".
"But I'm still having breakfast" I said.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"I'm having breakfast". I repeated.
"Dear me" she said. "Do you always get up so late", "It's one o'clock.".

## lesson 3, 2028.11.7

Postcards always spoil my holidays. Last Summer, I went to go Italy. I visited the museums and sat in public gardens.
The friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian, then he lent me a book. I read a few lines, but I did not
understand a word. Every day I thought about postcards. My holidays passed quickly. I did not send cards to my
friends. On the last day I made a big decision. I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards. I spent the whole day in
my room. but I did not write a single card.

## lesson 4, 2022.11.7

I've just received a letter from my brother. Tim. He is in Australia.He has been there for six months. He is an
engineer. He is working for a big firm and has already visited a great number of different places in Australia. he has
just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Springs, a small town in the centre of Australia. He will soon
visit Darwin, From there, He will fly to Perth, My brother has never been aboard before. so he is finding this trip
very exciting.

## lesson 5, 2022.11.8

Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst, Pinhurst is only five
miles from Silbury, but Mr. Scott cannot get a telephone for his new garage. so he has just bought twelve pigeons.
Yesterday, A pigeon carried the first message from Silbury to Pinhurst, the bird covered the distance in three
minutes. Up to now, Mr. scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage
to the other, In this way, he has begun his own private 'telephone' service.

## lesson 6, 2022.11.9

I have just moved to a house in Bridge street. Yesterday, a beggar knocked at my door, he asked me for a meal and a
glass of beer. In return for this, the beggar stood on his head and sang songs. I gave him a meal, he ate the food and
drank the beer. Then he put a piece of cheese in his pocket and went away. Later a neighbour told me about him,
Everybody knows him, his name is Percy Buttons. he calls at every house in the street once a month and always asks for
a meal and a glass of beer.

## lesson 7, 2022.11.10

The plane was late and detectives were waiting at the airport all morning. They were expecting a valuable parcel of
diamonds from South Africa. A few hours earlier, someone had told the police that thieves would try to steal the
diamonds. When the plane arrived, some of the detectives were waiting inside the main building while others were
waiting on the airfield. Two men took the parcel off plane and carried it into Customs House. When two detectives were
keeping guard at the door, two others opened the parcel. to their surprise, the precious parcel was full of stones and
sand.

## lesson 8, 2022.11.12

Joe has the most beautiful garden in our town. Nearly everybody enters for "the nicest garden competition" each year,
but Joe wins every time. Bill's garden is larger than Joe's. Bill works harder than Joe and grows more flowers and
vegetables, but Joe's garden is more interesting. He has made neat paths and has built a wooden bridge over a pool. I
like gardens too, but I do not like hard work. Every year I enter for the garden competition too, and I always win a
little prize for the worst garden in the town.

## lesson 9, 2022.11.14

On Wednesday evening, we went to the Town Hall. It was the last day of the year and a large crowd of people had
gathered under the Town Hall clock. It would strike twelve in twenty minutes' time. Fifteen minutes passed and then,
at five to twelve, the clock stopped. The big minute hand did not move. We waited and waited, but nothing happened.
Suddenly someone shouted, "It's two minutes past twelve, the clock has stopped." I looked at my watch, it was true.
The big clock refused to welcome the New Year. At that moment, everyone began to laugh and sing.

## lesson 10, 2022.11.16

We have an old musical instrument, it is called a clavichord. It was made in Germany in 1681. Our clavichord is kept
in the living room. It has belonged to our family for a long time. The instrument was bought by my grandfather many
years ago. Recently it was damaged by a visitor. She tried to play jazz on it. She struck the keys too hard and two of
the strings were broken. My father was shocked. Now we are not allowed to touch it. It is being repaired by a friend
of my father's.

## lesson 11, 2022.11.18

I was having dinner in a restaurant when Tony came in. Tony worked in a lawyer's office years ago, but he is now
working at a bank. He gets a good salary, but he always borrows money from his friends and never pays it back. Tony
saw me and came and sat at the same table. He has never borrowed money from me. While he was eating, I asked him to
lend me twenty pounds. To my surprise, he gave me the money immediately. "I have never borrowed any money from you",
Tony said, "so now you can pay for my dinner."

## lesson 12, 2022.11.20

Our neighbour, Captain Charles Alison, will sail from Portsmouth tomorrow. We'll meet him at the harbour early in the
morning. He will be in his small boat, Topsail. Topsail is a famous little boat.
It has sailed across the Atlantic many times. Captain Alison will set out at eight o'clock, so we'll have plenty of
time. We'll see his boat and then we'll say goodbye to him. He will be away for two months. We are very proud of him.
He will take part in an important race across the Atlantic.

## lesson 13, 2022.11.21

The Greenwood boys are a group of pop singers. At present, they are visiting all parts of the country. They will be
arriving here tomorrow. They will be coming by train and most of the young people in the town will be meeting them at
the station. Tomorrow evening they will be singing at the workers' club. The Greenwood boys will be staying for five
days. During this time, they will give five performances. As usual, the police will have a difficult time. They will be
trying to keep order. It is always same on these occasions.

## lesson 14, 2022.11.22

I had an amusing experience last year. After I had left a small village in the south of French, I drove on to the next
town. On the way, the young man waved to me. I stopped and he asked me for a lift. As soon as he had got into the
car, I said good morning to him in French and he replied in the same language. Apart from a few words, I do not know any
French at all. Neither of us spoke during the journey. I had nearly reached the town, when the young man suddenly said,
very slowly, 'Do you speck English ?'. As I soon learnt, he was English himself.

## lesson 15, 2022.11.23

The secretary told me that Mr.xxx would see me. I felt very nervous when I went info his office. He did not look up
from his desk when I entered. After I had sat down, he said that business was very bad. He told me that the firm
could not afford to pay such large salaries. Twenty people had already left. I knew that my turn had come. 'Mr. xxx'
I said in a weak voice. 'Don't interrupt', he said. Then he smiled and he told me I would receive an extra thousand
pounds a year.

## lesson 16, 2022.11.27

If you park your car in the wrong place, the traffic policeman will soon find it. You will be very lucky if he lets
you go without a ticket. However, this does not always happen. Traffic police are sometimes very polite. During a
holidays in Sweden. I found this note on my car, 'Sir, We welcome you to our city, This is a 'No Parking' area. You
will enjoy your stay here if you pay attention to our street signs. This note is only a reminder'. If you receive a
request like this, you cannot fail to obey it.

## lesson 17, 2022.11.28

My aunt Jennifer is an actress. She must be at least thirty-five years old. In spite of this, she often appears on the
stage as a young girl. Jennifer will have to take part in a new play soon. This time, she will be a girl of
seventeen. In the play, she must appear in a bright red dress and long black stockings. Last year in another play,
she had to wear short socks, and a bright orange-colored dress. If anyone ever asks her how old she is, she always
answers, 'Darling, it must be terrible to be grown up'.

## lesson 18, 2022.11.30

After I had had lunch in a village pub, I looked for my bag. I had left it on a chair beside the door and now it
wasn't there. As I was looking for it, the landlord came in. 'Did you have a good meal?' he asked. 'Yes, thank you'
I answered, 'but I can't pay the bill, I haven't got my bag'. The landlord smiled and immediately went out. In a few
minutes he returned with my bag and gave it back to me. 'I'm very sorry' he said, 'My dog had taken it into garden',
He often does this.

## lesson 19, 2022.12.3

'The play may begin at any moment' I said. 'It may have begun already' Susan answered. I hurried to the ticket
office, 'May I have two tickets please?' I asked. 'I'm sorry, We've sold out' the girl said. 'What a pity!' Susan
exclaimed. Just then, a man hurried to the ticket office, 'Can I returned these two ticket?' he asked. 'Certainly.'
the girl said. I went back to the ticket office at once. 'Could I have those two tickets please?' 'Certainly, but
they're for next Wednesday's performance. Do you still want them?'. 'I might as well have them' I said sadly.

## lesson 20, 2022.12.5

Fishing is my favorite sport. I often fish for hours without catching anything. But this does not worry me. Some
fishermen are unlucky. Instead of catching, they catch old boots and rubbish. I am even less unlucky. I never catch
anything, not even old boots. After having spent whole mornings on the river, I always go home with an empty bag. 'You
must give up fishing.' My friends say. 'It's a waste of time.' But they don't realize one important thing. I am not
really interested in fishing. I am only interested in sitting in a boat and doing nothing at all.

## lesson 21, 2022.12.8

Aeroplanes are slowly driving me mad. I live near an airport and passing planes can be heard night and day. The
airport was built years ago, but for some seasons it could not be used then. Last year, however, it came into use.
Over a hundred people must have been driven away from their homes by the noise. I am one of the few people left.
Sometimes I think this house will be knocked down by a passing plane. I have been offered a large sum of money to go
away. but I am determined to stay here. Everyone says I must be mad and they are probably right.

## lesson 22, 2022.12.12

My daughter, Jane, never dreamed of receiving a letter from a girl of her own age in Holland. Last year, we were
traveling across the Channel and Jane put a piece of paper with her name and address on it into a bottle. She threw
the bottle into the sea. Jane never thought of it again, but ten months later, she received a letter from a girl in
Holland. Both girls write to each other regularly now. However, they have decided to use the post office. Letters will
cost a little more, but they will certainly travel faster.

## lesson 23, 2022.12.13

I had a letter from my sister yesterday. She lives in Nigeria. In her letter, she said me that she would come to
England next year. If she comes, she will get a surprise. We are now living in a beautiful new house in the country.
Work on it had begun before my sister left. The house was completed five months ago. In my letter, I told her that she
could stay with us. The house has many larger rooms and there is a lovely garden. It is a very modern house, so it looks
strange to some people. It must be the only modern house in the district.

## lesson 24, 2022.12.15

I entered a hotel manager's office and sat down. I had just lost 50 and I felt very upset. "I left the money in my
room". I said, "and it's not there now". The manager was sympathetic, but he could do nothing. "Everyone's losing
money these days" he said. He started to complain about this wicked world, but was interrupted by a knock at the
door. A girl came in and put an envelope on his desk. It contained $50. "I found this outside this gentleman's room."
she said. "Well", I said to the manager. "there is still some honesty in this world".

## lesson 25, 2022.12.16

I arrived in London at last. The railway station was big, black and dark. I didn't know the way to my hotel, so I
asked a porter. I not only spoke English very carefully, but very clearly as well. The porter, however, could not
understand me. I repeated my question several times and at last he understood. He answered me, but he spoke neither
slowly nor clearly. "I am a foreigner." I said. Then he spoke slowly, but I could not understand him. My teacher
never spoke English like that. The porter and I looked at each other and smiled. Then he said something and I
understood it. "You'll soon learn english" he said. I wonder. In England, each person speaks a different language.
The English understand each other, but I don't understand them. Do they speak English?

## lesson 26, 2022.12.20

I am an art student and paint a lot of pictures. Many people pretend that they understand modern art. They always
tell you what a picture is about. Of course, Many pictures are not about anything. They are just pretty patterns. We
like them in the same way that we like pretty curtain material. I think that young children often appreciate modern
pictures better than anyone else. The notice more. My sister is only seven，but she always tells me whether my
pictures are good or not. She came into my room yesterday. "What are you doing?" she asked. "I'm hanging this
picture on the wall" I answered. "It's a new no, Do you like it?". She looked at it critically for a moment.  "It's
all right." she said. "But isn't it upside down?" I looked at it again. She was right！It was.

## lesson 27, 2022.12.24

Late in the afternoon. The boys put up their tent in the middle of a field. As soon as this was done, they cooked a
meal over an open fire. They were all hungry and the food smelled good. After a wonderful meal, they told stories
and sang songs by the campfire. But some time later it began to rain. The boys felt tired, so they put out the fire
and crept into their tent. Their sleeping bags were warm and comfortable, so they all slept soundly. In the middle
of the night. two boys woke up and began shouting. The tent was full of water. They leapt out of their sleeping bags
and hurried outside. It was raining heavily and they found that a stream had formed in the field. The stream wound
its way across the field and then flowed right under their tent.

## lesson 28, 2022.12.24

Jasper White is one of those rare people who believes in ancient myths. he has just bought a new house in the city.
But ever since he moved in, he has had trouble with cars and their owners. When he returns home at night, he always
finds that someone has parked a car outside his gate. Because of this, he has not been able to get his own car into
his garage even once. Jasper has put up "No parking" signs outside his gate, but these have not had any effect. Now he
has put an ugly stone head over the gate. It is one of the ugliest faces I have ever seen. I asked him what it was, he
told me that it was Medusa, the Gorgon, Jasper hopes that she will turn cars and their owners to stone. But none of
them has been turned to stone yet.

## lesson 29, 2023.1.4

Captain Ben Fawcett has bought an unusual taxi and has begun a new service. The "taxi" is a small Swiss aeroplane
called a "Pilatus Porter". This wonderful plane can carry seven passengers. The most surprising thing about it, however,
is that it can land anywhere, on snow, water or even on a ploughed field. Captain Fawcett's first passenger was a
doctor who flew from Birmingham to a lonely village in the Welsh mountains. Since then, Captain Fawcett has flown
passengers to many unusual places. Once he landed on the roof of a block of flats and on another occasion he landed in a
deserted car park. Captain Fawcett has just refused a strange request from a businessman. The man wanted to fly Rockall,
a lonely island in the Atlantic Ocean, but Captain Fawcett did not take him, because the trip was too dangerous.

## lesson 30. 2023.1.4

The Wayle is a small river that cuts across the park near my home. I like sitting by the Wayle on fine afternoons. It
was warm last Sunday, so I went and sat on the river bank as usual. Some children were playing games on the bank and
there were some people rowing on the river. Suddenly, one of the children kicked a ball very hard and
it went towards a passing boat. Some people on the bank called out to the man in the boat, but he did not hear him.
The ball struck him so hard that he nearly fell into the water. I turned to look at the children, but there weren't any
in sight. They had all run away. The man laughed when he realized what had happened, he called out to the children
and threw the ball back to the bank.

## lesson 31, 2023.1.6

Yesterday afternoon Frank was telling me about his experiences as a young man. Before he retired, he was the head of
a large business company, but as a boy he used to work in a small shop. It is his job to repair bicycles and at that
time he used to work fourteen hours a day. He saved money for years and in 1958 he bought a small workshop of his own.
In his twenties Frank used to make spare parts for aeroplanes. At that time he had two helpers. In a few years the
small workshop had become a large factory which employed seven hundred and twenty-eight people. Frank smiled when he
remembered his hard early years and a long road to success. Frank was still smiling when the door opened and his
wife came in. She wanted him to repair their grandson's bicycle.

## lesson 32, 2023.1.6

People are not so honest as they once were. The temptation to steal is greater than ever before, especially in large
shops. The detective recently watched a well-dressed woman who always went into a large store on Monday mornings. One
Monday, there were fewer people in the shop than usual when the woman came in, so it was easier for the detective to
watch him. The woman first bought a few small articles. After a little time, she chose one of the most expensive
dresses in the shop and handed it to an assistant who wrapped it up for her as quick as possible. Then the woman simply
took the parcel and walked out of the shop without paying. When she was arrested, the detective found out that the
shop assistant was her daughter. The girl "gave" her mother a free dress once a week.

## lesson 33, 2023.1.10

Nearly a week passed before the girl was able to explain what had happened to her. One afternoon she set out from
the coast in a small boat and was caught in a storm. Towards evening, the boat struck a rock and the girl jumped into
the sea. Then she swam to the shore after spending the whole night in the water. During that time she covered a
distance of eight miles. Early next morning, she saw a light ahead. She knew she was near the shore because the light
was high up on the cliffs. On arriving at the shore, the girl struggled up the cliff towards the light she had seen.
That was all she remembered. When she woke up a day later, she found herself in hospital.

## lesson 34, 2023.1.10

Dan Robinson has been worried all week. Last Tuesday he received a letter from the local police. In the letter, he was
asked to call at the station. Dan wondered why he was wanted by the police. but he went into the station yesterday and
now he is not worried anymore. At the station, he was told by a smiling policeman that his bicycle had been found. Five
days ago, the policeman told him, the bicycle was picked up in a small village four hundred miles away. It is now
being sent to his home by train. Dan was most surprised when he heard the news. He was amused too, because he never
expected the bicycle to be found. It was stolen twenty years ago when Dan was a boy of fifteen.

## lesson 35, 2023.1.12

Roy used to drive a taxi. A short while ago, however, he became to a bus driver and he has not regretted it. He is
finding his new work far more exciting. When he was driving along Carford street recently, he saw two thieves rush out
of a shop and run towards a waiting car. One of them was carrying a bag full of money. Roy acted quickly and drove his
bus straight at two thieves. The one with the money got such a fright that he dropped the bag. As two thieves were
trying to get away in their car, Roy drove his bus into the back of it. While the battered car was moving away, Roy
stopped his bus and telephoned the police. The thieves' car was badly damaged and easy to recognize. Shortly afterwards,
the police stopped the car and both men were arrested.

## lesson 36, 2023.1.21

Debbie Hart is going to swim across the English Channel tomorrow. She is going to set out from French coast at five
o'clock in the morning. Debbie is only eleven years old and she hopes to set up a new world record. She is a strong
swimmer and many people feel that she is sure to succeed. Debbie's father will set out with her in a small boat. Mr.
Hart has trained his daughter for years. Tomorrow he will be watching her anxiously as she swims the long distance to
England. Debbie intends to take short rests every two hours. She will have something to drink but she will not eat any
solid food. Most of Debbie's school friends will be waiting for her on the English coast. Among them will be Debbie's
mother, who swam the Channel herself when she was a girl.

## lesson 37, 2023.1.28

The Olympic Games will be held in our country in four years' time. As a great many people will be visiting the
country, the government will be building new hotels, an immense stadium, a new Olympic-standard swimming pool. They
will also be building new roads and a special railway line. The Games will be held just outside the capital
and the whole area will be called 'Olympic City'. Workers will have completed new roads by the end of this year. By the
end of next year, they will have finished work on the new stadium. The fantastic modern buildings have been designed
by Kurt Gunter. Everyone will be watching anxiously as the new building go up. We are all very excited and are looking
forward to the Olympic Games, because they have never been held before in this country.

## lesson 38, 2023.1.30

My old friend, Harrison had lived in the Mediterranean for many years before he returned to England. He had often
dreamed of retiring in England and had planned to settle down in the country. He had no sooner returned than he bought a
house and went to live there. Almost immediately he began to complain about the weather for even though it was still
summer, it rained continually and it was often bitterly cold. After so many years of sunshine, Harrison got a shock.
He acted as if he had never lived in England before. In the end, it was more than he could bear. He had hardly had
time to settle down when he sold the house and left the country. The dream he had had for so many years ended there.
Harrison had thought of everything except the weather.

## lesson 39, 2023.1.31

When John Gibert was in hospital, he asked his doctor to tell him whether his operation had been successful, but the
doctor refused to do so. The following day, the patient asked for a bedside telephone. When he was alone, he telephoned
the hospital exchange and asked for Doctor Millington. When the doctor answered the phone, Mr. Gibert said he was
inquiring about a certain patient, a Mr. John Gibert. He asked if Mr. Gibert's operation had been successful and the
doctor told him that it had been. He then asked when Mr. Gibert would be allowed to go home and the doctor told him
that he would have to stay in hospital for another two weeks. The Dr. Millington asked the caller if he was a
relative of the patient, "No" the patient answered. "I'm Mr. John Gibert."

## lesson 40, 2023.2.2

Last week at a dinner party, the hostess asked me to sit next to Mrs. Rumbold. Mrs. Rumbold is a large, unsmiling lady
in a tight black dress. She did not even look up when I took my seat beside her. Her eyes were fixed on her plate and in
a short time, she was busy eating. I tried to make conversation. "A new player is coming to 'The Globe' soon" I said, "
Will you be seeing it?". "No." she answered. "Will you be spending your holidays abroad this year? " I asked.
"No." she answered. "Will you be staying in England?" I asked. "No." she answered. In despair, I asked her whether
she was enjoying her dinner. "Young man." she answered, "If you ate more and talked less, we would both enjoy our
dinner."

## lesson 41, 2023.2.3

"Do you call that a hat?" I said to my wife. "You needn't be so rude about it." my wife answered as she looked at
herself in the mirror. I sat down on one of those modern chairs with holes in it and waited. We had been in the hat
shop for half an hour and my wife was still in front of the mirror. "We mustn't bug things we don't need", I remarked
suddenly. I regretted saying it almost at once. "You needn't have said that". my wife answered. "I needn't remind
you of that terrible hat you bought yesterday." "I find it beautiful." I said. "A man can never have too many ties.".
"And A woman can't have too many hats." she answered. Ten minutes later we walked out of the shop together. My wife was
wearing a hat that looked like a lighthouse.

## lesson 42, 2023.2.4

As we had had a long walk through one of markets of old Delhi, so we stopped at a square to have a rest. After a time, 
we noticed a snake charmer with two large baskets at the other side of the square, so we went to have a look at him. 
As soon as he saw us, he picked up a long pipe which was covered with coins and opened one of the baskets. When he 
began to play a tune, we had our first glimpse of the snake. It rose out of the basket and began to follow the 
movements of the pipe. We were very much surprised when the snake charmer suddenly began to play jazz and modern pop 
songs. The snake, however, continued to "dance" slowly. It obviously could not tell the difference between Indian 
music and jazz.

## lesson 43, 2023.2.14

In 1929, three years after his fight over the North Pole, the American explorer, R. E. Byrd, successfully flew over 
the South Pole for the first time. Though, at first. Byrd and his men were able to take a great many of photographs 
of the mountains that lay below, they soon ran into serious trouble. At one point, it seemed certain that their plane 
would crush. It could only get over the mountains if it rose 10,000 feet. Byrd at once ordered his men to throw out two 
heavy food sacks. The plan was then able to rise and it cleared the mountains by 400 feet. Byrd now knew that he would 
be able to reach the South Pole which was 300 miles for there were no more mountains in sight. The aircraft was able to 
fly over the endless white plains without difficulty.